you
shake it baby do the stubby thing my
husband was 35 years old he wasn't
supposed to die you Holly Kennedy if I
am will you see it me
yes no I'm not I could get reported I
hold a leprechaun Union I got a delivery
what is this hey baby surprise I have a
plan I've written you letters letters
that will be coming to you all sorts of
ways now you must do what I say okay
this Christmas I hereby free you he gave
her the gift to get a little crazy so
just go out celebrate tonight
a life without him make sure my baby has
a good time I want you to take her
fishing
if I just
see I don't worry about you remembering
me life it changed as me knew it and now
it's changed again love Academy Award
Hilary Swank Jared Butler Lisa Kudrow
Harry Connick jr. Gina Gershon Jeffrey
Dean Morgan and Academy Award winner
Kathy Bates
I feel like Jerry's guiding me you think
that's silly I wish I had someone dead
telling me what to do
there's absolutely no way I'm doing this
yes you are oh yes you are
yes I love you how I feel I look good